# Internet-Security

No matter how the size of the population of the world is expanding, the Percentage of internet users with respect to the increase is increasing at a rate higher than that. In today’s world large number of people is connected to the internet of things. For sending the messages to goggling the information to opening an online banking account to browsing any websites via any devices we have internet. This new and amazing technology has rapidly changed our lifestyles and has made our everyday life convenient and comfortable. However there is always a serious concern regarding whether this technology is truly secured or not. The answer is no. In fact there is not such a thing which is completely secured. The malicious activities like phishing, hacking, cybercrime, cyber attack etc are some of the threats that result from the use of internet. It has been just 25 years since this technology came into effect. As its users are increasing exponentially so are the serious security issues and crimes. There have been many events and crimes like the PowerStation of Switzerland hacked by hackers and the baffling or rumors hovering the recent US presidential election being hacked by Russian hackers. All these social and national issues are the result of the use of internet. 

Even Though internet has many advantages to take, it has also equal vulnerabilities. Because of little and simple defects there can be huge loss in people’s expectation from it  due to which it can lose its credibility and trust among  users. However in the last few year experts, private software companies and governments are investing their big budget to come up with the strong security system within their networking to make it more reliable and secured. For instance technologist emphasize on using encryption technology on their latest tech and software. They have been focusing on developing more secured and authenticated DNS service by which the things and sites and exchange on the internet could be controlled by large extent. This is an effort from private organization, there is equal and supporting action by government that they have started formulating tech related regulation by which any companies which develop their new system, software or devices must go through validation process so that threat can be made more secure. In addition to that they have established a mandatory code for installing certain norms into devices at the time of accessing, which can control individual’s unnecessary activities.

Finally what I believe is that exploring another infrastructure instead of internet maybe possible due to the possible harms, attacks, crimes etc stemming from the use of internet but it would take long time to replace it and get rid of all devices, software and networks using it. Instead a well-equipped, monitored and advance system within the internet of things can do a lot to increase the trust and long term sustainability. 
